feat(elasticsearch): Support `EnableVersionUpgrade` update policy (#12239)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-elasticsearch/README.md

});
```

> Allowing upgrading an Amazon ES domain to a new version of Elasticsearch rather than replacing the entire domain resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform version upgrades without replacing the entire domain, specify the `enableVersionUpgrade` property.
```

Author: Done
